CAPA: Release v25.1.3. (#1516)
giantswarm/releases: capa/v25.1.3/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v25.1.3 for CAPA :zap:

> This release introduced aws-node-termination-handler for graceful draining of nodes during an upgrade or other type of replacement of worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces `aws-node-termination-handler` for graceful draining of nodes during an upgrade or other type of replacement of worker nodes.
```

> The behavior is now explained in the [node pools documentation](https://docs.giantswarm.io/tutorials/fleet-management/cluster-management/node-pools/#what-happens-when-rolling-nodes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details can be found in the [node pools documentation](https://docs.giantswarm.io/tutorials/fleet-management/cluster-management/node-pools/#what-happens-when-rolling-nodes).
```

> ## Changes compared to v25.1.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changes compared to v25.1.2
```

### Components

- cluster-aws from v1.1.3 to v1.1.4

> - New application aws-nth-bundle ("NTH" is short for aws-node-termination-handler)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New application `aws-nth-bundle` ("NTH" is short for `aws-node-termination-handler`)
```

Also I'd list this under apps.
